>> PREVIOUSLY ON
SINGLE LADIES...
>> JUST REMEMBER: WHAT GOES
AROUND COMES AROUND.
>> THIS IS THE FIRST TIME THIS
CREEP HAS THREATENED ME.
>> I'VE GOTTEN BACK WITH MY
EX-GIRLFRIEND.
>> MOM, DON'T MAKE A SCENE.
>> IF YOU DON'T WANT A SCENE,
THEN YOU SHOULDN'T BE OVER HERE
CONSORTING WITH THIS
HOME WRECKER.
>> YOU'RE THE SWEETEST GUY I
EVER DATED.
>> I WAS ARRESTED FOR A DUI.
YOU'RE MY ONLY CALL.
>> HE NEEDS ME TO GO
BAIL HIM OUT.
>> I'M GONE.
>> WHERE HAVE YOU BEEN?
>> IN REHAB.
I HOPE YOU CAN FORGIVE ME.
>> OF COURSE.
>> I'LL MOVE TO NEW YORK WITH
YOU.
>> COME HERE!
[laughter]
>> I THINK YOU ARE IN DENIAL
ABOUT YOUR FEELINGS FOR CHARLES.
>> LOOK, CHARLES, I SAID I WAS
OVER HIM.
>> I WISH YOU WERE OVER HIM SO
BAD, BUT YOU'RE NOT.
AND I WILL RESPECT THAT,
BUT ONLY FOR SO LONG.
>> * SINGLE
>> * YEAH
* AND YOU SAY LOVE CITY
>> * LADIES
>> * CRAZY
>> * WHAT I WANT, UP TO ME
* I CAN FOLLOW, I CAN LEAD
>> * I WON'T LOSE CONTROL *
>> * YOU CAN'T GET MY LOVE *
* I KNOW YOU WANT IT
>> * AW YEAH
>> * YOU WANT IT
* SINGLE LADIES
>> * WHERE MY SINGLE LADIES AT?
[Maroon 5's One More Night]
*
[cell phone rings]
>> * YOU AND I GO HARD
>> OH! YOU IDIO--
OH, HI.
>> I AM SO EMBARRASSED.
PLEASE, FORGIVE MY CLUMSINESS,
AND ACCEPT MY DEEPEST APOLOGIES.
ALLOW ME TO HELP YOU INSIDE.
I'M KASSEEM.
>> I'M--
>> ABSOLUTELY, POSITIVELY
RADIANT.
>> WELL, I WAS GONNA SAY MORGAN,
BUT THAT HAS A NICE RING TO IT.
>> PLEASE.
>> [sighs]
DARN IT.
THESE WERE MY FAVORITE HEELS.
TOOK ME FOREVER TO BREAK THESE
IN.
>> I CAN HAVE THEM REPAIRED.
>> I'M NOT SURE THIS SHOE CAN
TAKE ANOTHER COAT OF GLUE.
[cell phone rings]
>> EXCUSE ME.
HELLO?
I'LL BE RIGHT THERE.
PLEASE, FORGIVE ME, MORGAN, BUT
I AM IN A HURRY TO GET TO A
MEETING.
HOW CAN I MAKE THIS UP TO YOU?
>> REALLY?
THE FACT THAT YOU WERE A
GENTLEMEN IS ENOUGH.
THANK YOU.
>> IT WAS TRULY A PLEASURE
MEETING YOU.
>> AW, HELL NO.
THE MAN ASKS HOW HE CAN MAKE
THIS UP TO YOU, AND YOU JUST LET
HIM LEAVE?
>> I DIDN'T WANNA BE GREEDY.
BESIDES, IT WAS AN ACCIDENT, AND
HE SAID HE WAS SORRY.
>> NOTHING SAYS I'M SORRY LIKE A
NEW PAIR OF SHOES.
AND WE ALL KNOW IF YOU GET A NEW
PAIR OF SHOES, YOU AUTOMATICALLY
HAVE TO--
>> all: GET A NEW BAG TO MATCH.
>> WELL, I'M GLAD YOU ALL CAN
QUOTE ME, BUT YOU NEED TO PUT IT
INTO PRACTICE.
HAS NONE OF THIS RUBBED OFF?
>> HOO!
>> PARKER.
I TOLD HIM I LIKED HIS LIPS, SO
THEN HE SAID IF I HAD A GARDEN,
HE WOULD PUT MY TULIPS AND HIS
TULIPS TOGETHER.
NEVER MIND.
IT WAS CUTE AND FUNNY, AND YOU
HAD TO BE THERE, BUT IT LED TO A
ROMANTIC NIGHT, AND NOW WE'RE
TOGETHER.
>> EXCLUSIVELY?
THIS IS YOUR FIRST REAL
RELATIONSHIP SINCE DEREK.
>> HOW DOES IT FEEL TO BE OFF
THE MARKET?
>> FEELS GREAT.
NOW I DON'T HAVE TO AVOID FIVE
DIFFERENT GUYS ON MY BIRTHDAY.
>> [clears throat]
>> WHAT?
I COULDN'T FIND A SITTER.
GET OVER IT.
>> MM.
>> KEISHA, MAYBE IF YOU SENT
SEAN SOME FLOWERS, THEN HE'D
COME AROUND.
>> UH, WEREN'T WE TALKING ABOUT
OMAR'S RELATIONSHIP?
HOW DID WE JUMP TO MINE?
[chuckles]
>> BECAUSE HASN'T IT BEEN FIVE
DAYS SINCE YOU HEARD FROM HIM,
AND HAVEN'T YOU LEFT HIM A TON
OF MESSAGES?
>> SINCE YOU ALREADY KNOW THE
"T," WHY ARE YOU ASKING?
I'M ASSUMING HE'S STILL PISSED
AT ME FOR CHOOSING MALCOLM OVER
HIM, BUT, REALLY, THAT'S NOT
WHAT I DID.
OKAY, TECHNICALLY, THAT'S WHAT I
DID, BUT I SAID I'M SORRY.
I EVEN TRIED TO CALL.
WHAT ELSE CAN I DO?
>> NOTHING.
SOUNDS LIKE YOUR TULIPS HAVE
ALREADY DONE ENOUGH.
>> I HOPE YOU GUYS CAN BOUNCE
BACK FROM THIS.
>> HMM.
I DON'T KNOW.
OUR BOAT WAS ALREADY GETTING
ROCKY.
ALL THOSE LITTLE THINGS THAT
USED TO ANNOY ME ABOUT HIM ARE
STARTING TO WORK MY NERVES
AGAIN.
>> SOMETIMES, THOSE ARE THE
VERY THINGS THAT CAN BE
DEAL-BREAKERS.
>> WELL, THERE'S ONE DEAL I'M
DEFINITELY NOT GONNA BREAK,
AND THAT'S THE ONE I MADE TO
SHINE DOING MY PRESENTATION AT
MY REAL ESTATE CONFERENCE.
[chuckles]
I'M GOING TO GO FIGURE OUT
WHAT TO PACK FOR PHOENIX.
>> OH, I HEARD IT'S SUPPOSED TO
BE 115 IN THE SHADE THIS
WEEKEND.
>> OH, AND EVEN HOTTER ONCE I
GET THERE.
>> [laughs]
>> THREE, FOUR, FIVE,
AND HE GOT MY SIZE RIGHT.
THIS JUST DOESN'T HAPPEN.
THIS ISN'T REAL!
>> THESE ARE FROM THAT GUY YOU
SAID BUMPED INTO YOU EARLIER?
BUT HE'S NOT SCREWIN' AROUND.
>> MM-MMM.
[giggling]
>> WHAT DOES THE CARD SAY?
>> "BECAUSE I DIDN'T KNOW WHAT
YOU'D LIKE, I WANTED TO GIVE YOU
OPTIONS.
MY APOLOGIES AGAIN.
I WOULD LOVE TO HAVE DINNER WITH
YOU, CALL ME.
KASSEEM."
[giggling]
>> IF THESE FIT ME, YOU'RE GONNA
HAVE TO COME TO NEW YORK TO GET
'EM BACK.
>> [chuckles]
>> OH.
I CAN'T BELIEVE YOU'RE REALLY
MOVING.
>> I CAN'T BELIEVE HOW FAST YOU
AND REGGIE FOUND AN APARTMENT.
>> I CAN'T BELIEVE I'M NOT GONNA
SEE YOU GUYS ANYMORE EVERY DAY.
>> I'M GONNA MISS YOU, APRIL.
>> [exhales]
I'M GONNA MISS YOU TOO.
I KEEP THINKING, "AM I DOING THE
RIGHT THING?
IS THIS THE RIGHT TIME?
IS HE THE RIGHT GUY?"
>> I'M HAPPY FOR YOU, BUT SAD AT
THE SAME TIME.
FIRST, I LOSE CHARLES.
NOW YOU'RE MOVING.
I MEAN, WHY IS THIS ALL
HAPPENING AT ONCE?
>> WELL, IN BETWEEN MY PRAYERS
ASKING THAT I WIN THE LOTTERY
AND MARRY THE ROCK--WHICHEVER
YOU GIVE ME FIRST IS FINE--
I'VE ALSO BEEN ASKING FOR
CHARLES TO COME BACK TO YOU.
>> THANK YOU.
THAT MAKES TWO OF US.
[knock at door]
HI.
>> HI.
UH--CAN WE TALK?
>> OF COURSE.
COME IN.
>> WHO ELSE WANTS SOMETHING FROM
GOD?
BECAUSE I AM ON A ROLL.
>> IT IS SO GOOD TO SEE YOU,
RAQUEL.
>> IT'S SO WEIRD YOU CAME BY.
I JUST MENTIONED YOU.
>> YEAH?
>> YEAH.
I MENTION YOU A LOT.
I GUESS YOU'RE, UM--
YOU'RE ON MY MIND A LOT.
>> WELL, I THINK OF YOU TOO.
[chuckles] REMEMBER HOW YOU WERE
ALWAYS ON ME TO GO AFTER
NATIONAL ADVERTISERS?
WELL, I LANDED SMIRNOFF.
>> [gasps]
>> YEAH, THEY THINK MY MAGAZINE
HAS THE RIGHT DEMOGRAPHIC.
>> AH, THAT'S GREAT, CHARLES.
>> YEAH, THEY'RE THROWING A HUGE
PARTY TO LAUNCH NEW FLAVORS.
PLUS, THEY BOUGHT MAJOR
AD SPACE.
ANYWAY, I KNOW IT COULD BE
AWKWARD, AND I STRUGGLED WITH
IT.
DO I INVITE YOU?
DO I NOT?
BUT PADMA INSISTED.
SHE SAYS THERE'S NO REASON WHY
WE CAN'T ALL BE FRIENDLY.
>> SHE SOUNDS SWEET.
>> SO PLEASE COME.
>> I'M GONNA HAVE TO THINK ABOUT
IT AND GET BACK TO YOU.
>> YEAH, SURE.
>> SINCE I'M HIS
"SPECIAL FRIEND," I JUST GOT
INVITED TO HIS PARTY, WHERE I
CAN GET A FRONT ROW SEAT TO
WATCH HIM AND PADMA BE A COUPLE.
>> OKAY, SO WHAT YOU GONNA WEAR?
>> I'M NOT GOING.
WHO WANTS TO WATCH THE MAN THAT
THEY LOVE BE WITH ANOTHER WOMAN?
>> WAS THAT THE "L" WORD I JUST
HEARD?
>> I HEARD IT TOO.
[phone vibrates]
>> IF I FELT THE WAY I DO NOW
THAT DAY IN THE ELEVATOR, THINGS
WOULD BE VERY DIFFERENT.
>> SO GO TO THE PARTY.
>> I'M NOT GONNA BREAK UP A
HAPPY COUPLE.
>> NOBODY'S SUGGESTING THAT...
ISH.
BUT YOU AND CHARLES WERE
BUILDING SOMETHING.
>> YEAH, MAYBE YOU GAVE UP TOO
EASILY.
>> [gasps]
>> KEISHA, WHAT'S HAPPENING?
>> SOMEBODY'S FOLLOWING ME
AROUND...
>> [gasps]
>> AND TEXTING THE PICTURES TO
PROVE IT.
WHO THE HELL IS DOING THIS TO
ME?
>> NEW YORK STARTER KIT.
>> MM-HMM.
>> [giggles]
SUBWAY MAP.
>> NEED IT.
>> BERGDORF'S.
MM.
ROACH SPRAY?
>> YOU NEVER KNOW.
>> AWESOME.
>> OH, THERE'S ONE MORE.
A DINNER INVITATION.
>> OOH!
>> FROM MY MOM.
>> UH, I-I DON'T KNOW, REGGIE.
I MET YOUR MOTHER BEFORE,
REMEMBER?
I DON'T THINK I CAN HANDLE A
REPEAT OF HER PERFORMANCE AT THE
BOULE BALL.
>> OH, THIS IS DIFFERENT.
SHE KNOWS WE'RE TOGETHER.
SHE KNOWS I LOVE YOU.
BUT IF SHE DOES ACT UP, JUST
COMPLIMENT HER MAC AND CHEESE.
>> MAYBE I COULD BRING MY
SWEET POTATO PIE.
>> YEAH, DON'T.
BABY STEPS.
>> [sighs]
[Middle Eastern music]
**
>> DOES EVERYBODY GET THIS MUCH
LOVE IN HERE?
>> OH, THE OWNER AND I ARE BOTH
FROM BAHRAIN, AND HE KNOWS MY
FAMILY.
WE ARE A SMALL ISLAND NATION
WHERE EVERYBODY KNOWS EVERYONE.
>> IN A LOT OF WAYS, ATLANTA'S A
SMALL TOWN LIKE THAT.
I APPRECIATE IT WHEN MY NEIGHBOR
CALLS AND WARNS ME THAT MY
DAUGHTER'S AT THE BUS STOP
TRYING TO DROP IT LIKE IT'S HOT.
>> [chuckles]
>> WHAT?
I'M A SINGLE PARENT.
IT TAKES A VILLAGE.
BUT, REALLY, WITH NICOLE, ALL IT
TAKES ARE THESE EYES.
>> [chuckles]
YOU ARE SO DIFFERENT FROM THE
WOMEN I USUALLY MEET.
YOU SPEAK YOUR MIND, YOU MAKE
ME LAUGH, YET YOU DO IT WITH
SUCH GRACE AND CHARM AND NO
PRETENSE.
>> WELL, THERE IS A LITTLE
I'M DOING IT IN A NEW PAIR OF
SHOES.
[chuckling]
>> [sighs]
>> HEY.
CAME AS FAST AS I COULD.
SOMETHING TELLS ME YOU'RE NOT
REMODELING.
I'VE ALREADY IDENTIFIED THE TYPE
OF SNAKE HE LEFT FROM THE
PICTURE YOU SENT.
IT'S A CALIFORNIA KING.
>> OH...
>> WE'LL BE HITTING THE PET
SHOPS FIRST THING TOMORROW,
LOOKING FOR THE BUYER.
>> THANK YOU SO MUCH FOR HELPING
ME.
>> OF COURSE.
YOU KNOW, I WAS HOPING OUR
RELATIONSHIP WOULD BE DIFFERENT
WHEN I GOT BACK, BUT I MISSED MY
WINDOW AGAIN.
DOESN'T MATTER THOUGH.
YOU CAN CALL ME FOR ANYTHING.
>> THANK YOU.
>> NOW I NEED YOU TO MAKE A
LIST OF ANY POSSIBLE SUSPECTS.
[club music playing]
*
>> THANKS AGAIN FOR BEING MY
ESCORT ON SUCH SHORT NOTICE.
>> I COULDN'T LET YOU DO THIS
ALONE.
BESIDES, I KNOW HOW DEVASTATING
IT CAN BE TO SEE YOUR EX WITH
SOMEONE NEW.
TRUST ME ON THAT.
>> THE PEOPLE ARE BUZZING ABOUT
YOU.
SEEMS I'VE DONE MY BEST WORK.
>> OMAR, I PICKED MY OUTFIT.
>> YES, BUT I PUSHED UP,
RE-SITUATED, AND ACCENTUATED.
[laughter]
*
AND MY WORK IS DONE.
YOU GO MAKE YOUR MOVE.
I'LL BE OVER THERE TRYING THAT
NEW FLAVORED VODKA.
>> I'M GLAD YOU MADE IT.
PADMA, THIS IS RAQUEL.
>> PLEASURE TO MEET YOU.
I'VE HEARD SO MUCH ABOUT YOU.
>> AND I, YOU.
THIS IS ANTONIO.
ANTONIO, THAT'S CHARLES.
>> CHARLES.
>> RIGHT, UH, YOU TWO GREW UP
TOGETHER.
>> THAT'S RIGHT, MAN.
IT'S BEEN GREAT TO RECONNECT.
>> WE'RE GOING TO OUR TABLE.
JOIN US?
>> GREAT.
[whispering] THANK YOU.
>> I KNEW I'D FIND YOU AT THE
BAR.
SO HOW'S OUR GIRL DOING?
>> YOU MIGHT WANNA SEND HER ONE
OF THESE.
>> [snickers]
>> OH, WOW!
THAT'S YUMMY AND SWEET.
>> ABSOLUTELY.
AND YOU CAN DO LOTS OF THINGS
WITH IT.
YOU CAN DO IT AS A MARTINI,
YOU CAN DO IT ON THE ROCKS, OR
YOU CAN DO IT UP.
>> MM!
THIS KISSED CARAMEL VODKA IS MY
NEW FAVORITE.
>> MAKE SURE YOU TRY
THE ICED CAKE TOO.
WHOA, WHOA!
>> DAMN! SORRY, MAN.
>> OH, NO PROBLEM.
HI. I'M DREW.
>> OMAR.
>> CAN WE...GET ONE MORE?
>> GET OUT OF HERE!
WHA--YOU PLAY CLAVE, CONGAS, AND
THE TIMBALES?
>> YEAH.
>> MAN, I RESPECT ANYONE WHO CAN
HANDLE PERCUSSION.
I COULDN'T.
>> CHARLES IS A PASSIONATE
CONVERSATIONALIST, ISN'T HE?
>> [sighs] IT'S ONE OF MY
FAVORITE THINGS ABOUT HIM.
>> MY EX-HUSBAND WAS THE EXACT
OPPOSITE.
VERY MEASURED, VERY CONTROLLED.
I NEVER SHOULD'VE MARRIED HIM.
BUT I DIDN'T WANT TO BRING SHAME
TO MY FAMILY.
CHARLES MENTIONED YOU HAD A
SIMILAR SITUATION?
>> MY EXPERIENCE WASN'T EXACTLY
LIKE YOURS.
I BROKE IT OFF WITH VICTOR
BEFORE WE GOT MARRIED, BUT MY
FAMILY WAS VERY UPSET.
>> I ADMIRE YOU FOR HAVING ENDED
THINGS BEFORE YOU GOT MARRIED.
>> THANK YOU.
>> HEY! ANTONIO KNOWS A PLACE
WITH A GREAT MAMBO BAND FOR US
TO CHECK OUT AFTER THIS.
WHAT DO YOU THINK?
>> MAYBE ANOTHER TIME.
>> WAIT, YOU MEAN THAT GIANT
BILLBOARD TALKING ABOUT "TOMMY
NEEDS A BUDDY TOO," THAT WAS
YOU GUYS?
>> MY COMPANY DIDN'T WANT TO
TAKE ON ANY MORE PRO BONO WORK,
SO I HAD TO FIGHT FOR US TO DO
IT.
>> WELL, I'M GLAD YOU DID.
THAT CAMPAIGN REALLY MOVED ME.
>> THAT'S GREAT.
YOU JUST MADE MY WEEK.
EXCUSE ME.
>> APRIL, I NEED YOU TO SLAP ME
RIGHT NOW.
>> WHY?
>> BECAUSE I'M THINKING
INAPPROPRIATE THINGS ABOUT THIS
MAN AND I HAVE A BOYFRIEND.
BITCH, YOU KNOW I WASN'T
SERIOUS!
I DIDN'T MEAN FOR YOU TO
LITERALLY SLAP ME!
>> YOU JUST ADMITTED TO BEING
SCANDALOUS.
>> I SWEAR I'M NOT BEING A
HORN DOG, BUT I'VE BEEN REALLY
FEELING SOMETHING WITH THIS GUY.
LIKE SUBSTANCE.
>> WHAT, AND PARKER DOESN'T HAVE
SUBSTANCE?
>> I DON'T KNOW!
IT'S WEIRD, BUT I REMEMBER
FEELING THE SAME THING WITH
DEREK, AND I FELL IN LOVE WITH
HIM.
>> DO I NEED TO SLAP YOU AGAIN?
>> GIRL, IF YOU DO, WE'LL BE
CATFIGHTING ALL OVER THIS PARTY.
>> HMM.
>> LOOK, YOU SHOULD GIVE ME YOUR
NUMBER.
I HAVE TO LEAVE, BUT I'D LIKE TO
SEE YOU AGAIN.
>> I DON'T THINK THAT'S SUCH A
GOOD IDEA.
I'M IN A RELATIONSHIP.
>> OH...
WELL, CAN WE AT LEAST BE
FRIENDS?
ARE YOU AVAILABLE FOR THAT?
>> HEY, I'M SO GLAD YOU DECIDED
TO COME.
>> ME TOO.
CONGRATULATIONS, CHARLES.
EVERYTHING'S COMING TOGETHER FOR
YOU.
>> YOU TOO.
ANTONIO, REAL PLEASURE TO MEET
YOU.
>> MY PLEASURE, MAN.
>> NICE TO MEET YOU.
>> OH, CHARLES, MAN...
HE'S A GOOD GUY.
>> YEAH.
PADMA'S PRETTY COOL TOO, ISN'T
SHE?
DAMN.
I GUESS I'D BETTER LEAVE IT
ALONE.
>> I'M SORRY.
BUT, HEY, PERHAPS IT'S FOR THE
BEST.
OKAY?
>> TODAY WAS HEAVEN, KASSEEM.
THANK YOU.
>> I WILL CALL YOU THIS EVENING
TO MAKE SURE YOU HAVE ARRIVED
HOME SAFELY.
>> AW, YOU DON'T HAVE TO DO
THAT.
>> YES, I DO.
YOU HAVE ALREADY BECOME QUITE
PRECIOUS TO ME.
UNTIL TONIGHT.
>> SO WHERE EXACTLY IS HEAVEN
LOCATED THESE DAYS?
>> DOWNTOWN.
HE TOOK ME ON A HORSE-DRAWN
CARRIAGE RIDE THROUGH THE CITY
DURING RUSH HOUR TRAFFIC.
HE'S PERFECT.
I'M DUMPING HIM.
>> WHAT?
WHY?
>> BECAUSE THIS MAKES NO SENSE.
HE'S BEEN ALL OVER THE WORLD,
SPEAKS SIX LANGUAGES, AND SENT
ME $5,000 WORTH OF SHOES.
I SPENT TWO SUMMERS IN BILOXI,
MISSISSIPPI, GOT A B-MINUS IN
ENGLISH, AND MOST OF MY SHOES
ARE BUY ONE, GET ONE FREE.
>> SO WHAT ARE YOU SAYING?
YOU THINK KASSEEM'S OUT OF YOUR
LEAGUE?
>> I SAW THIS TV SHOW ONCE,
WHERE MEN AND WOMEN SECRETLY
RANKED THEMSELVES.
DO YOU KNOW ALL THE SIXES PICKED
SIXES, AND ALL THE NINES PICKED
NINES?
NOBODY PICKED ANYONE MORE THAN A
POINT FROM THEIR NUMBER.
>> OKAY...ONE, THAT SOUNDS LIKE
VERY DESTRUCTIVE PROGRAMMING.
TWO, YOU'RE CRAZY IF YOU THINK
THAT APPLIES HERE.
>> DON'T GET ME WRONG, I THINK
I'M CUTE AND HAVE PLENTY TO
OFFER.
I'M JUST USED TO DATING THE
CHAUFFEUR, NOT THE GUY BEING
CHAUFFEURED.
>> MORGAN, HE LIKES YOU.
SO JUST FOCUS ON HOW YOU FEEL
ABOUT EACH OTHER, AND NOTHING
ELSE SHOULD MATTER.
>> * THE PERFECT FIT
* JUST HOW YOU LIKE IT
* IT'S OBVIOUS *
>> HM.
UM, NEITHER, UNLESS YOU'RE GOING
TO A FUNERAL.
>> I KIND OF AM.
I'D RATHER DIE THAN SEE REGGIE'S
MOTHER AGAIN, BUT I PROMISED TO
GO, SO I'M GONNA PLAY IT SAFE.
>> YOU NEED TO PLAY IT LIKE YOU.
DON'T SWITCH UP FOR NO
JUDGMENTAL BIDDY.
>> YEAH, AND REGGIE WOULDN'T
TAKE YOU HOME UNLESS HE SET HER
STRAIGHT ABOUT HOW IMPORTANT
YOU ARE TO HIM.
>> I KNOW, BUT THAT DOESN'T MAKE
IT ANY EASIER.
OH.
THIS IS CUTE THOUGH.
>> [laughs] PLEASE.
MALCOLM SAID HE NEEDS TO TALK TO
ME IN PERSON, AND IT'S URGENT.
BUT I DON'T NEED HIS DRAMA RIGHT
NOW, MM-MMM, ESPECIALLY NOT
BEFORE I GO TO PHOENIX.
I NEED TO FOCUS.
YEAH.
>> PADMA?
>> HELLO.
MAY I HAVE A WORD WITH YOU?
>> OF COURSE.
>> CONVENTIONAL WISDOM SAYS I
SHOULD LEAVE WELL ENOUGH ALONE.
BUT THERE'S NOTHING TRULY
CONVENTIONAL ABOUT WISDOM, IS
THERE?
>> I SUPPOSE THERE ISN'T.
>> I LOVE CHARLES, AND I'M
THRILLED TO BE BACK IN HIS LIFE,
BUT I NEED TO BE SURE HE'S
HAPPY, AND I CAN ONLY DO THAT IF
HE MAKES AN INFORMED DECISION
BETWEEN US.
>> BUT HE'S ALREADY CHOSEN YOU.
>> I'D FEEL BETTER IF HE MADE
THAT CHOICE KNOWING YOU LOVE HIM
TOO.
>> [whispering] I DID NOT SEE
THAT COMING.
>> SHH.
>> HE TOLD ME YOU DIDN'T LOVE
HIM, AND HE STILL BELIEVES THAT.
>> PADMA, I DON'T THINK WE
SHOULD BE HAVING THIS
CONVERSATION.
>> I THINK YOU SHOULD TELL
CHARLES HOW YOU FEEL.
I OWE HIM THAT MUCH.
HE HAS NO CLUE I'M HERE, SO...
NEXT MOVE IS YOURS.
GOOD-BYE.
>> DID SHE JUST ASK ME TO TELL
THE MAN THAT SHE LOVES THAT I
LOVE HIM TOO?
>> I KNOW IT SOUNDS CRAZY, BUT
SHE HAS A GOOD POINT.
I MEAN, WHO WANTS TO BE WITH A
GUY WHO'S IN LOVE WITH SOMEONE
ELSE?
>> PLEASE, AS HARD AS IT IS TO
FIND A GOOD MAN, WHAT WOMAN IN
HER RIGHT MIND WOULD OFFER UP
HER OWN?
>> I BET SHE'S CONVINCED HE
WON'T CHOOSE YOU, BUT WANTS HER
CONSCIENCE CLEAR.
>> AND DOESN'T MIND LETTING
RAQUEL PLAY HERSELF TO DO IT.
>> DAMN!
THAT IS MASTERMIND.
EVERY TIME I THINK I UNDERSTAND
YOU BITCHES, YOU TAKE IT TO A
WHOLE OTHER LEVEL.
>> [exhales] GOD, I DON'T KNOW
WHAT TO DO.
>> GIRL, PLEASE.
GO GET YOUR MAN.
IT'S ALL CUED UP, BUT I DON'T
KNOW HOW TO HOOK IT UP TO THEIR
SYSTEM.
>> I'VE DONE TONS OF THESE.
I'LL TAKE CARE OF IT.
AND DON'T BE SO NERVOUS.
>> [exhales] IT'S JUST--IT'S MY
FIRST TIME.
>> YOU'LL BE GREAT.
I'VE SEEN YOU IN ACTION.
AND AFTER WE'RE DONE, SOME LOCAL
REALTORS INVITED US TO PARTY
WITH THEM IN SCOTTSDALE.
AND BY "LOCAL," I MEAN "CUTE."
>> [chuckles]
MALCOLM?
>> WHAT ARE YOU DOING IN
PHOENIX?
I'M GONNA GO GET YOU SET UP.
YOU SPEAK IN LESS THAN TEN, SO
DON'T GO DISAPPEARING ON ME.
>> I TOLD YOU THAT WE NEEDED TO
TALK.
>> AND I TOLD YOU I HAD A
CONFERENCE.
I'M ABOUT TO GIVE A PRESENTATION
IN POWERPOINT.
YES, KEISHA GREENE KNOWS
POWERPOINT.
>> OKAY, HERE'S THE THING.
I LEFT TAYLOR.
>> WHY?
CLEARLY SHE'S QUICKER AT
BAILING YOU OUT OF JAIL THAN ME,
SO YOU MIGHT WANNA RETHINK THAT.
>> KEISHA, I HAD ONE PHONE CALL,
AND I MADE IT TO YOU.
BUT I WAS LATE COMING HOME,
TAYLOR FREAKED OUT AND CALLED
AROUND.
SHE FOUND ME.
THE BOTTOM LINE IS IT'S OVER.
SO...SAY SOMETHING.
>> YOU SAY SOMETHING.
YOU'RE THE ONE WHO CAME ALL THE
WAY HERE.
>> WHY ARE YOU PLAYING GAMES?
>> YOU MAY HAVE BROKEN UP WITH
TAYLOR, BUT I'M STILL WITH SEAN.
>> THAT'S YOUR RESPONSE TO THIS?
>> SHOULD I HAVE A DIFFERENT
ONE?
>> WELL, WE BOTH RACKED UP
TODAY.
YOU ON CLOTHES, ME ON
COMMISSION.
>> WELL, I DID GO A BIT
OVERBOARD, BUT I'M ONLY IN
ATLANTA FOR A SHORT TIME, AND I
LOVE SHOPPING IN AMERICA.
>> WELL, ME TOO, WHEN I CAN
AFFORD IT.
ADIRAH AL JAHNI!
I KNOW A KASSEEM AL JAHNI.
ANY CHANCE YOU'RE RELATED?
>> WELL, YES, HE'S MY HUSBAND.
HOW DO YOU KNOW KASSEEM?
>> I--HE, UH, CAME INTO THE
STORE.
>> OH, WELL, HE DOES LOVE TO
SHOP TOO.
THANKS.
HAVE A GOOD DAY.
>> KASSEEM IS MARRIED?
>> I SHOULD'VE KNOWN NO MAN WAS
THAT PERFECT.
I JUST WANNA GO BACK TO MY
QUIET, ORDINARY LIFE, AND FORGET
KASSEEM EVER HAPPENED.
>> SOMETIMES, LIFE IS HARD.
>> YEAH.
SOMETIMES, WE MAKE IT THAT WAY.
TAKE CHARLES AND ME.
[sighs]
I NEVER WOULD'VE LOST HIM IF I
WASN'T SO OUT OF TOUCH WITH MY
OWN FEELINGS.
>> RAQUEL, YOU'RE GONNA HAVE TO
FIND A WAY TO MAKE PEACE WITH
THAT SITUATION.
>> I KNOW, BUT I DON'T THINK I
WILL UNLESS I TELL HIM HOW I
FEEL.
>> WHAT?
IT'S ABOUT TIME.
DO YOU NEED TO ME TO DIAL FOR
YOU?
>> NO.
DAMN! VOICEMAIL.
EH, CHARLES, IT'S RAQUEL.
PLEASE CALL ME AS SOON AS YOU
GET THIS.
IT'S IMPORTANT.
>> VERY IMPORTANT!
>> YOU KNOW, THERE'S SO MANY
KIDS OUT THERE WHO NEED A
STABLE, LOVING HOME.
I WANNA ADOPT ONE DAY.
DO YOU WANT KIDS?
>> A BOY AND A GIRL.
I'LL RAISE THEM TO BE SMART,
OPEN-MINDED, AND EXTREMELY
STYLISH.
>> [chuckles]
>> MY BREAK'S BEEN OVER FOR TEN
MINUTES.
I GOTTA GET BACK TO WORK.
>> OH, YEAH, ME TOO.
IT'S FUNNY, I LOST TRACK OF TIME
THE LAST TIME WE HUNG OUT TOO.
>> THAT ALWAYS HAPPENS WHEN I'M
IN SYNC WITH SOMEBODY.
I FEEL LIKE I'VE KNOWN YOU
FOREVER.
I CAN'T DO THIS.
>> I'M SORRY.
I HAD NO RIGHT.
I HOPE THIS DOESN'T MEAN YOU'RE
GONNA END OUR FRIENDSHIP.
>> I HAVE TO.
I'M ALSO GOING TO END MY
RELATIONSHIP...
SO I CAN START ONE WITH YOU.
>> [chuckles]
>> UH, UH, UH!
I'M NOT FREE YET.
>> * I HAD A WAY THEN
* LOSING IT ALL ON MY OWN
* I HAD A HEART THEN
* BUT THE QUEEN
* HAS BEEN OVERTHROWN
* AND I'M NOT SLEEPING *
>> APRIL! HI, I'M GAYLE.
REGGIE'S FAVORITE COUSIN AND
THE FAMILY BEAUTY.
>> WHICH DOESN'T SAY MUCH FOR
OUR LOOKS OVERALL.
>> AWW. [laughter]
>> OH, YOU REMEMBER MY MOM.
>> HELLO, MRS. WESTFIELD.
>> APRIL, I'M HAPPY YOU CAME.
WELCOME.
>> THREE TIMES.
[laughter]
I WAS TELLING YOU.
SEE, I TOLD YOU MY BOYFRIEND WAS
FINER THAN YOURS.
TRUDY DIDN'T BELIEVE ME.
SHE THINKS HAROLD IS SUCH A
PRIZE.
[laughter]
>> SO, UM, I'VE GOT SOMETHING I
REALLY NEED TO TALK TO YOU
ABOUT.
LOOK, THIS IS HARD FOR ME.
YOU'VE BEEN SUCH A SWEETHEART,
AND I LIKE YOU.
I JUST--
>> DREW!
>> WHAT, HOW DID YOU--
>> THAT'S MY BROTHER.
IT'S HARD TO BELIEVE WE LIVE IN
THE SAME CITY.
I NEVER SEE THIS GUY.
YOU'RE GONNA LOVE HIM.
HEY!
HEY, MAN!
OMAR, THIS IS DREW.
>> [chuckles]
>> HEY!
[chuckles]
>> HOW ARE YOU?
>> HAROLD.
>> HI.
>> I REALLY APPRECIATE YOU
FIXING THAT LAMP FOR ME.
>> AH, NO PROBLEM.
FOR WHAT THAT JERK WANTED TO
CHARGE YOU, AND HE WAS MAKING
YOU WAIT--NO WAY.
THIS WON'T TAKE LONG.
YOU HAVE A LADDER?
>> IN THE STORAGE ROOM.
>> OKAY, I'LL BE RIGHT BACK.
[cell phone rings]
>> CHARLES, HI.
>> I SEE YOU'VE BEEN TRYING TO
REACH ME.
IS EVERYTHING OKAY?
>> ARE YOU HOME RIGHT NOW?
UM, CAN I COME BY AND TALK TO
YOU?
>> RAQUEL, I CAN'T.
THE CAR IS COMING SOON TO TAKE
ME AND PADMA TO THE AIRPORT.
>> THE AIRPORT?
>> YEAH, WE'RE HEADING OUT OF
TOWN FOR A FEW WEEKS.
YEAH, I'M SORRY, BUT I GOTTA
FINISH PACKING.
CAN WE TALK WHEN I GET BACK?
>> OKAY, FINE.
>> OKAY, BYE.
>> DAMN IT!
I'M NOT GONNA BE ABLE TO TALK TO
HIM BEFORE HE LEAVES TOWN.
>> CALL HIM BACK.
>> NO.
I NEED TO TELL HIM HOW I FEEL IN
PERSON.
I'LL TALK TO YOU GUYS LATER.
>> WAS THAT ABOUT CHARLES?
>> OH...
>> IS SHE GOING TO TRY TO GET
HIM BACK?
BUT I LOVE HER.
>> OH.
>> I'M GONNA GET HER BACK.
>> * AND YOU DON'T KNOW *
* A THING ABOUT ME
* YEAH
* I HIT THE GROUND RUNNING
* RUNNING, RUNNING
>> RAQUEL!
>> * I HIT THE GROUND RUNNING
* RUNNING, RUNNING
* YOU CAN'T HOLD A REBEL DOWN *
* 'CAUSE I'LL BE BREAKING OUT *
* THIS SPIRIT'S GOTTA BE FREE *
* I HIT THE GROUND RUNNING
* RUNNING, RUNNING
>> HEY, KEV.
I GOT A BEAMER AND THREE OTHER
CARS THAT I HAVEN'T SEEN AROUND
HERE BEFORE.
I NEED YOU TO RUN THE PLATES FOR
ME.
WAIT, HOLD ON.
>> * I KNOW YOU'RE FALLING *
* TOO DEEP
* JUST LIKE A BOMB
>> I HATE I COULDN'T MEET YOU IN
ARIZONA.
I'VE MISSED YOU.
>> YEAH, YOU DIDN'T ACT LIKE IT,
IGNORING MY CALLS.
>> YEAH.
SORRY ABOUT THAT.
I JUST NEEDED SOME SPACE TO
THINK ABOUT US AND--
TURN AROUND! KEISHA!
>> [grunts]
>> AAH!
>> VERONICA! VERONICA! STOP!
>> NO!
[grunting and groaning]
>> HOLD ON, KEISHA, I'M COMING!
>> VERONICA, WHAT THE HELL ARE
YOU DOING?
>> YOU TOOK MY MAN, AND NOW
YOU'RE GONNA PAY!
[grunting]
AAH!
>> [screams]
OH!
>> THIS VERONICA VANDERBILT, WHO
OWNS THAT BEAMER, BOUGHT A
CALIFORNIA KING SNAKE?
KEV, I GOTTA GO.
>> KEISHA?
WHAT THE HELL IS GOIN' ON?
>> AAH!
>> OH!
>> MALCOLM!
>> [groans]
>> OH, NO, BITCH.
NOW YOU'RE GONNA PAY!
>> NO!
[grunting and groaning]
AAH!
OW! NO!
AAH! UGH!
[grunting and groaning]
OH! AAH!
>> KEISHA!
>> OH! OH!
>> WHAT? WHAT?
>> KEISHA!
IT'S OKAY, IT'S OVER.
>> MALCOLM!
MALCOLM.
>> WHAT I DID, I DID OUT OF
LOVE.
>> I'M SORRY.
>> YOU TWO ARE FREE TO GO TOO.
>> I AIN'T GOIN' NOWHERE.
>> OH, GUYS, PLEASE DON'T START.
>> ACTUALLY, THE TWO OF YOU CAN
GO.
I NEED TO BE WITH KEISHA
RIGHT NOW.
>> I'M NOT LEAVING UNTIL KEISHA
SAYS I SHOULD GO.
I DON'T WORK FOR YOU.
>> DO YOU WORK AT ALL?
BECAUSE IF YOU DID, THIS NEVER
WOULD'VE HAPPENED TO KEISHA.
AND YOU.
YOU'RE THE MAIN ONE WHO NEEDS TO
LEAVE.
YOU BROUGHT THAT CRAZY BITCH
INTO HER LIFE.
>> YO, MAN, I ASKED YOU TO LEAVE
NICELY.
NEXT TIME, I WON'T BE SO POLITE.
>> OKAY.
SO WHAT ARE YOU GONNA DO THEN?
>> OH!
>> AAH!
>> I'VE BEEN WAITING FOR THIS.
>> NO, NO, NO, NO!
>> OH!
[grunting]
>> AAH!
NO!
STOP IT, DAMN IT!
WINSTON, DO SOMETHING!
[grunting]
EVERYBODY, PLEASE, JUST GO.
GO!
SEAN, CAN YOU STAY A MINUTE?
>> both: CALL ME.
>> YEAH.
>> I'M HERE.
>> THERE YOU ARE.
YOU ARE NOT RESPONDING TO MY
CALLS.
HAS SOMETHING HAPPENED?
>> YES.
YOUR WIFE HAPPENED.
>> MAY I HAVE A CHANCE TO
EXPLAIN?
>> WHAT'S TO EXPLAIN?
YOU HAVE A WIFE.
I KNEW YOU WERE TOO GOOD TO BE
TRUE.
>> I DO NOT HAVE A WIFE.
I HAVE THREE.
>> WHAT?
>> ISLAMIC LAW ALLOWS FOR A MAN
TO HAVE UP TO FOUR, IF HE CAN
AFFORD TO SUPPORT THEM.
>> WELL, THEN, I GUESS
CONGRATULATIONS ARE IN ORDER
THREE TIMES OVER.
>> I WAS GOING TO TELL YOU ABOUT
ALL OF THIS EVENTUALLY, BUT
APPARENTLY, NOW IS THE TIME.
SO...
I AM A PRINCE.
MY COUSIN IS THE KING.
>> THREE WIVES?
A PRINCE?
ANY OTHER BOMBSHELLS YOU WANNA
DROP?
>> YES.
I KNOW THIS IS SUDDEN, BUT WILL
YOU BE MY FOURTH AND FINAL WIFE?
>> IS THIS REALITY, BECAUSE IT
FEELS LIKE ASHTON KUTCHER'S
ABOUT TO JUMP OUT FROM BEHIND
A CLOTHES RACK.
>> I AM VERY SERIOUS, MORGAN.
>> YOU WANT ME TO BE A PART OF
A HAREM?
>> OF COURSE NOT.
THAT IS COMPLETELY DIFFERENT,
AND I WOULD NEVER INSULT YOU
LIKE THAT.
I REVERE AND RESPECT MY WIVES.
>> SO EVERYBODY'S JUST ONE BIG,
HAPPY FAMILY, HUH?
>> YES, ESPECIALLY BECAUSE THEY
ALL HAVE THEIR OWN HOUSES AND
THEIR OWN LIVES.
YOU CAN HAVE ONE RIGHT HERE IN
ATLANTA, AND YOUR DAUGHTER CAN
GO TO THE BEST SCHOOLS, AS IT
WILL BE MY DUTY TO FINANCE HER
EDUCATION.
YOU CAN WORK, GO TO SCHOOL,
START YOUR OWN BUSINESS, OR JUST
RELAX.
>> KASSEEM, WE'VE ONLY BEEN ON
THREE DATES.
WE BARELY KNOW EACH OTHER.
>> I KNOW MYSELF.
I TRUST MY INSTINCTS, AND I KNOW
HOW I FEEL ABOUT YOU.
>> SO YOU WANT ME TO BE YOUR
PRINCESS?
>> WILL YOU?
>> I KNOW...
BUT LET ME SAY IT FIRST.
YOU AND ME AREN'T YOU AND ME
ANYMORE, ARE WE?
>> I'LL ALWAYS LOVE YOU, SEAN,
BUT WE'RE DIFFERENT NOW.
I REALLY TRIED TO MAKE THIS
WORK, BUT WE'RE NOT THERE.
>> YEAH.
WELL, I THINK WE BOTH KNOW WHY
YOU COULDN'T GET THERE.
>> LAST TIME AROUND, IT WAS ON
YOU.
THIS ONE'S ON ME.
>> I'D CALL IT EVEN, EXCEPT I
STILL FEEL LIKE THE LOSER.
>> WELL, YOU'LL ALWAYS BE CLOSE
TO MY HEART.
YOU KNOW THAT, RIGHT?
>> YEAH.
GOOD-BYE, KEISHA.
>> GOOD-BYE, SEAN.
>> HELENE, EVERYTHING IS
DELICIOUS.
>> I TOLD YOU MOM'S MAC AND
CHEESE WAS NOT TO BE MISSED.
[laughter]
OH.
>> REGGIE, YOU'RE MY ONLY SON,
AND YOU KNOW I LOVE YOU MORE
THAN ANYTHING.
>> YEAH, I'M PRETTY CLEAR ON
THAT.
UH, WHAT'S GOING ON?
>> WE LOVE AND SUPPORT YOU NO
MATTER WHAT.
>> BUT WE CAN NO LONGER
CONTINUE TO LET YOU LIVE A LIE,
SO THE FAMILY DECIDED TO HOLD
THIS INTERVENTION.
>> ARE YOU ON DRUGS?
>> NO!
MOM, WHAT THE HELL IS THIS?
>> PLEASE STOP PLAYING GAMES
WITH OTHER PEOPLE'S LIVES,
AND ADMIT, ONCE AND FOR ALL,
REGGIE, THAT YOU ARE GAY.
>> G--
>> [gasps]
>> HEY.
HOW'S YOUR HEAD?
>> HARD AS EVER, BUT I'M
CHANGING THAT.
>> OH?
HOW SO?
>> I ALMOST LOST YOU TODAY.
I WENT HOME, AND I THOUGHT ABOUT
THAT, AND IT MADE ME SICK.
BABY, THE WAY IT'S BEEN GOING
ALL THESE MONTHS IS NOT HOW IT'S
SUPPOSED TO GO, NOT WITH US.
WHAT ARE WE DOING?
KEISHA, I LOVE YOU.
>> I LOVE YOU TOO, AND I'M
NEVER LETTING YOU GO AGAIN.
THIS IS WHERE I WANNA BE.
THIS IS WHERE I BELONG...
WITH YOU.
OKAY, SO HOW DO WE DO THIS?
>> MAYBE START FRESH,
SOMEPLACE NEW.
>> YOU MEAN LEAVE ATLANTA?
>> I CAN RUN FRANK'S JEWELS FROM
ANYWHERE.
ZURICH, AMSTERDAM,
BEVERLY HILLS, VEGAS.
VEGAS IS WHERE WE MET AND HAD
THE MOST LUCK.
SO WHAT DO YOU SAY?
>> SO MUCH HAS CHANGED IN THE
LAST 24 HOURS.
I NEED TO THINK.
>> YOU KNOW WHERE I GO WHEN I'VE
GOT BIG DECISIONS STARING ME
DOWN?
UP.
>> UP?
[Lifetime by Emeli Sande]
>> * DREAMING ONLY LASTS
* UNTIL YOU WAKE UP
* AND YOU FIND
* YOU'RE NOT ASLEEP *
* SILENCE ONLY STICKS AROUND
* TILL SOMEONE IN THE ROOM
* DECIDES TO SPEAK
>> CHARLES!
>> * AND LUCK RUNS OUT
* AND HEARTS GO COLD
*WE'RE ONLY YOUNG *
* UNTIL WE'RE OLD *
* AND SUMMER LEAVES US
* WONDERING WHERE IT WENT
>> CHARLES!
CHARLES, WAIT!
>> RAQUEL!
>> CHARLES!
>> RAQUEL? WHAT'S WRONG?
>> CHARLES...
I COULDN'T LET YOU GO WITHOUT
TELLING YOU.
CHARLES, I LOVE YOU.
>> * YOU
* YOU LAST A LIFETIME
*
* TRUTH WILL CHANGE
* AND TIME WILL FLY
* THE PARTY LASTS
>> READY?
>> I'M READY.
>> * HEY LOVE
* CAN WE DANCE TOGETHER
* SINCE I FOUND YOU
* FEELS LIKE TIME DON'T MATTER *
* HEY LOVE
* NOW I FEEL MUCH BETTER
* YOU'VE SHOWN ME FOREVER *
* SEE, YOU
* YOU
* YOU LAST A LIFETIME